fix: add a warning about incremental config sync fallback when cp/dp have different version (#4964)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/incremental-config-sync.md

* You can roll out incremental config sync incrementally by toggling this variable per data plane, no additional changes are required.

{:.warning}

> > **Version mismatch silently falls back to full sync (v1)**: Incremental config sync (sync.v2) is only used when the Control Plane and Data Plane run the same {{site.base_gateway}} major and minor version.

Reviewer: and patch version

> > **Version mismatch silently falls back to full sync (v1)**: Incremental config sync (sync.v2) is only used when the Control Plane and Data Plane run the same {{site.base_gateway}} major and minor version.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Version mismatch silently falls back to full sync (v1)**: Incremental config sync (sync.v2) is only used when the Control Plane and Data Plane run exactly the same {{site.base_gateway}} version.
```

>
> If the Control Plane is on a **newer** major or minor version than the Data Plane, the Control Plane does not advertise the `kong.sync.v2` capability to that Data Plane, and the Data Plane falls back to full sync (v1) — even when `KONG_INCREMENTAL_SYNC=on` is set on both sides. No error is raised on the Data Plane, so the fallback can go unnoticed.
>
> If the Data Plane is on a **newer** major or minor version than the Control Plane, the connection is rejected with a `kong_version_incompatible` status and the Data Plane will not receive any configuration.

{:.warning}
> Direct control plane database writes (outside the Admin API, decK, or Terraform) can cause data planes to treat themselves as up-to-date and skip pulling changes.
> This is especially likely when using incremental config sync.

> > If this happens, new configuration won't be applied, and valid Routes will return 404 errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Important**:
>
> Note the following behaviors when using incremental config sync:
> 
> * **Version mismatch silently falls back to full sync (v1)**: Incremental config sync (sync.v2) is only used when the control plane and data plane run exactly the same {{site.base_gateway}} version.
>
>   * If the **control plane** is on a newer major or minor version than the data plane, the control plane doesn't advertise the `kong.sync.v2` capability to that data plane, and the data plane falls back to full sync (v1), even when `KONG_INCREMENTAL_SYNC=on` is set on both sides. No error is raised on the data plane, so the fallback can go unnoticed.
>   * If the **data plane** is on a newer major or minor version than the control plane, the connection is rejected with a `kong_version_incompatible` status and the data plane won't receive any configuration.
> 
> * Direct control plane database writes (outside the Admin API, decK, or Terraform) can cause data planes to treat themselves as up-to-date and skip pulling changes.
> This is especially likely when using incremental config sync.
> If this happens, new configuration won't be applied, and valid Routes will return 404 errors.
```
Mainly adjusting the formatting here to display better.
